Type conversions docs (#1067)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/modules/transform-sync/utilities.md

<%(TOC max="4")%>

# Transform utilities

> The transform synchronization module includes a [`TransformUtils`]({{urlRoot}}/api/transform-synchronization/transform-utils) class, populated with a set of static methods that make it nicer to use the feature module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transform synchronization module includes a [`TransformUtils`]({{urlRoot}}/api/transform-synchronization/transform-utils) class, populated with a set of static methods that makes it nicer to use the feature module.
```

## Type conversion methods

The following static methods can be used to construct a `FixedPointVector3` or `CompressedQuaternion` from their respective native Unity types.

| Static Method                                            | Result Type            |
|----------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| `FixedPointVector3.FromUnityVector(Vector3 v)`           | `FixedPointVector3`    |
| `CompressedQuaternion.FromUnityQuaternion(Quaternion q)` | `CompressedQuaternion` |

> The methods below can be called to easily convert a variable to and from native Unity types.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The extension methods below can be called to easily convert a variable to and from native Unity types.
```

Maybe?

Author: I nearly wrote that, but technically not every one of them is an extension method

| Type                   | Method                      | Result Type            |
|------------------------|-----------------------------|------------------------|
| `Vector3`              | `.ToCoordinates()`          | `Coordinates`          |
| `Vector3`              | `.ToFixedPointVector3()`    | `FixedPointVector3`    |
| `FixedPointVector3`    | `.ToUnityVector()`          | `Vector3`              |
| `FixedPointVector3`    | `.ToCoordinates()`          | `Coordinates`          |
| `CompressedQuaternion` | `.ToUnityQuaternion()`      | `Quaternion`           |
| `Quaternion`           | `.ToCompressedQuaternion()` | `CompressedQuaternion` |

## Snapshot constructor

> The `CreateTransformSnapshot` method takes can construct `TransformInternal` snapshot, given uncompressed position, rotation or velocity as arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CreateTransformSnapshot` method constructs a `TransformInternal` snapshot, given uncompressed position, rotation or velocity as arguments.
```
